and there beauty people the newspaper indicates that
for you what you do when your
cult to releasing the many caps
Clubs happens it had're like
ikea before an era that was f2 that
let out everything was okay cap
the chez michou people only have several
models grandson of the models coming out
quite also
this is an indy show he does not usually
fall a lot of cover plus she leaves
if you look there the whole piece only has
a cap
the first thing before cultivation
shuffled these lines fall tuxá
life is ideal you solve the cube
coast just missing trying to guess
Why is it there and then do you put it?
also right because otherwise you can leave
putting any cap on people only
places on the yellow line here
it was already a how to solve yellow white
in one piece is now that red could
be better or here could not because they
have to know the color of the skin is now
in some cases it could be at a
rope, for example, a cap
here blue it's so you're good you
place the caps back with
resolved now to simply put
again the table fall again okay and there
What do you do
I can put the super bonder can - the
of the center people because of the center for
Russia will not want you to regulate like
What are you going to do to take away the problem?
will not leave but then these here and
science can put some
ask the 'cola' problem is ta or do
one thing you will do when
the center cap is falling
You are listening whenever going to do
You'll get a piece of paper.
take a small piece that you will
put here on the edge of the piece so
why because the person is more
thick
When it's time to fit in there will be more
thing to go out to fit in
to make it harder to let go
So you 're doing this a lot.
big here I'll even cut you a little
It 's just to give this thick dayna
foot
Okay, so it can be here, I do not know.
I like to put a piece that is not
very big that at the time I put it
the cap here do not want to stay
seeming that role is so expensive that it
in there even ready and still going out
more will come out and then you will not put
right to play a role of greater or
A little thicker can give double
teams usually just a little bit
so it works because then it goes
O want to take the paper put Italy
another then a little piece of paper is for
if it is in the other parts and can
crumble or can paste with super
and also has problems and will not
need to stay in these pieces here.
side
okay and hopefully help to help there
hug